# Agartha
Agartha is C++ text based adventure game set in the underground world known as Agartha. In this game you choose between eight different characters that all have different abilities, backstories, and playstyles. You will travel alone though the dangerous land of Agartha fighting many different types of enemies, while also getting to know more about your chosen characters personality and personal motivations behind their beliefs. The game will feature two phases battle and travel. In the battle phase, the gameplay will be similar to the turn based battle systems seen the Pokemon and Final Fanasty series. A standred battle will consist of the player going first and will be able to make a one attack move that targets one or many enemies, then one item move where the player can equipped one item to help him in battle. In the travel phase, the gameplay will be similar to the game the Oregan Trail. The travel phase will consist of the player travelling a certain distince to the events. There will be many types of events, some events will lead to hostile encounters that depending on the character will automatically trigger the battle phase, while other events can lead the player to find an item that will help or hurt them in their journey. This phase is similar to the Oregan Trail because the player can only go forward and has deal with taking care of their chosen character's need or they will die during their journey. Once a character dies on their journey, the player will shown a bad ending and they will kicked back to the main menu. 
# Installation
Download my games files off of Github. Unzip the files using a program like 7zip or Winrar and make a folder on your desktop to store the files If you want to play my game, run the Agartha.cpp through a program like command prompt or a similar program. You can also run it through an IDE if you want to make changes to the code. 
# Contributor Expectation
I expect anyone who want help contribute to this project to contact me before they push their updates to this Github repo. I want to make sure the updates fit my vision of my game and will provide the player will fun and fullfilling experience. You can contact me through my business email jluke95@yahoo.com or you can send me a friend request or DM me on discord, my username is sage#3262. I also expect people who want to contribute to my code know how some knowledge of C++ and Github. One more expectation is I want contributor to use a proper IDE and not an online IDE. Online IDEs are very limited in features and make collaberation harder for the other people who to help, so please use something like Visual Studio Code if you want to help.   
# Features Needed to Added 
- Battle System
- Experience and Leveling System
- Traveling Events 
- Items
- Magic Systems